In this course, you will learn everything you need to know to start building your own extensions for
web browsers.
We will start by introducing you to the basics of extension development, including the tools and technologies.
I will explain all the concepts that are essential to get you started in all four levels.
You will learn about the session Essential Concepts Chromebase and then the advanced functionalities.
I will teach you how to publish your chrome extensions and how to convert those Chrome extensions to
Firefox extensions.
We will delve into the process of building an extension, covering topics such as user interface design,
modifying the web page, DOM data storage and working with APIs.
You will learn how to debug and troubleshoot your extension and how to publish it to the store.
We will build four extensions, one for each level.
Along the way you will have the opportunity to put your skills to use by building a series of increasingly
complex extensions.
By the end of this course, you will have the knowledge and skills you need to start building your own
extensions.
So if you're ready to dive into the world of extension development, let's get started.